# QR Scanner and Attendance Registration

This project consists of a web application built using Django HTML and a mobile application developed with Flutter. Firebase is used as the database. The web application generates QR codes, while the mobile application scans these QR codes and registers attendance.

## Features

- Web application:
  - Generates QR codes for attendance registration.
- Mobile application (Flutter):
  - Scans QR codes generated by the web application.
  - Registers attendance for scanned QR codes.

## Technologies Used

- **Web Application:**
  - Django HTML
  - Firebase Firestore
- **Mobile Application (Flutter):**
  - Flutter SDK
  - Firebase Firestore
  - QR Code Scanner Package

## Setup Instructions

### Web Application:

1. Install Python (if not already installed).
2. Install Django using pip:
  pip install django
3. Clone this repository.
4. Navigate to the `web_application` directory.
5. Run the following command to install Django libraries using the requirement.txt file:
  pip install -r requirement.txt
6. Run the Django development server:
  python manage.py runserver

### Mobile Application (Flutter):

1. Install Flutter SDK (if not already installed).
2. Clone this repository.
3. Navigate to the `mobile_application` directory.
4. Run the following command to get the dependencies:
  flutter pub get
5. Connect a device or start an emulator.
6. Run the app:
  flutter run

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit pull requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).


